# WordsWithFriends
This console-based program finds all possible words from rack of scrabble tiles to help player decide move.

## AnagramDictionary
Use hash map to store anagrams because get operations can be done in O(1) time complexity.
The keys of this map are sorted anagram strings, the values are lists of corresponding anagrams.

## Rack
Use TreeMap to generate multisets of a rack.
The keys of this map are characters of the rack, and values are counts of corresponding characters. 
The generated string unique is sorted due to TreeMap in-order property.
All the subsets generated by allSubsets() are sorted strings because the input string unique is sorted.
With these sorted subsets, clients can use them directly to get anagrams, and no need to sort each subset before passing into getAnagramsOf().

## ScoreTable
Use an integer array with size 26, which is the total number of English characters, and map these indices with correponding scores.
Can get the score of each character in O(1) time due to random access property of arrays.

## Judge
Use TreeMap to store matching results of a Rack.
The keys of this map are scores of different string subsets, the values are a list of same-scored subsets stored in a TreeSet.
Using TreeMap because the printed scores need to be sorted.
Using TreeSet because the printed same-scored subset strings need to be sorted alphabetically.
At the end, only need to traverse TreeMap and TreeSet, and no need to sort everything again.

## WordFinder
This class handles IO of the Scrabble Game program, and catches 2 errors.
Create only one Judge and one AnagramDictionary object at the beginning, to get the results of different Rack objects based on user's inputs.

## Approach
By using these designed classes mentioned above, only need to process dictionary one time.
Can use the dictionary repeatedly for different racks efficiently, because hash map has O(1) search time complexity.
